# maymaycrazay
for da memes, by the memes

Minecraft? Seriously? One thing why Minecraft is bad is because its fanbase. Fanbase The truth is, the Fan-base is just way too big now for the game to be likeable. I started playing Minecraft nearly three and a half years ago (Version 1.2). At this time only the geeks in the corner knew about it, multi-player servers were never as packed and the game had a far more irregular, thrown together and make-do feel that made it so loveable. It was still full of bugs and it's content was far smaller, which was in ways limiting, but it made you use your brain more and ultimately made your achievement's far more satisfying. Also, because it was smaller, the Fan-base felt closer and far easier to relate to. Nowadays, the Fan-base is annoyingly large. The game has lost it's independence, it's became far more advanced, which is nice but it has lead to the community being flooded with 9 year old's with no imagination or skill at all. Servers are now jammed full of these players and now everyone knows what Minecraft is. It's became despicably mainstream! YouTube is now ...moreM+29 So you don't like Minecraft because it's mainstream? You must be a hipster - KoolGuy2218M-15 Game is the worst ever made. Here's the reasons (for single layer survival mode): Weapon enchantment/repair sucks, you can't make OP equipments (like fully enchanted bow), Graphics sucks, 0% reality game, You lose all your items when you die, When you go to bed and wake up the monsters still there and your crops didn't growth, No Tutorial for WHAT to do, There's bunch of different worlds, There are no XZ limit, meaning that you have to go far to find rare biomes, You have to make your own map, Hard to find home if you go to an adventure, Sometimes you spawn in a island in the middle of the ocean (when creating a new world), You can kill your own pet, Lag as hell (because of it being made on Java, the slowest Programming Language ever), No tutorial for HOW to do things, You have to keep looking at wiki to know how to craft items, You have to save important locations in the ...more - ErickRM+1 This is the thing, the fanbase is annoying. I learned about Minecraft from underground YouTubers about 5 years ago. The new players just learned it from SKyDoesMinecraft or CaptainSparklez. I learned about it when the Yogscast was called BlueXephos, Kwantonium, and etc. Now I just see a fanbase of 6-12-year-olds, I am 13 but not the annoying fanbase that just says stupid crap when I hate on SkyDoesMinecraft or CaptainSparklez. As a Minecraft veteran, this fanbase is a bunch of annoying prats and on servers they just say Roblox sucks and try to play with YouTube gamers, THEY ARE NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU A SHOUT OUT. I personally think Roblox was better than Minecraft, yes you young annoying prats may think Minecraft is "THE GREATEST GAME EVER MADE" yeah, not. I personally think that RPGs or puzzle games are better. The fanbase copies everything, from counter strike to zombie games. I think that the modders are better and these young prats can go play their Minecraft, just don't be so ...moreM+11 I learned about Minecraft from my brother, who I have no clue how he knew about it. - Trenchpit777M+1 Yeah, I had enough of going around the world and expecting that when I go around the corner I bump into a conversation of 2 kids talking about the Ender Dragon or the TNT Cannon that they made.Mnew V58 Comments 2VoteE The Game by Itself Is Boring The general problem with the game is the lack of versatility and replay value the game has, It may be endless but Once you build everything you need and have bin mining for a while along with beating the EnderDragon and FINALY have everything set up, You will get this feeling were there is nowhere to go, There is nothing left to discover, And the only way to get rid of that is start with a new world day one.M+4 Some are saying the game is awesome, and in no way it can get boring, unless you have no imagination. And what do "people with imagination" do? It all tends to be building a big house, some kind of technical contraption, maybe a farm, kill some mobs (or players, since in this game pvp is no different from pve), but then it just ends here. I mean, there's literally nothing to do, beyond this point, other than build a bigger house, more productive farm, and battle more mobs/players.M+5 The game itself isn't really that interesting. The only thing that makes the game worth to play is the mods that people make to add in new things that YOU WANT!M+5 It's boring I mean like me and my 2 friends played and it was boring we just went mining got iron and diamonds and made armor really nothing else to do but one of my friends enjoyed it but now she hates itMnew V33 Comments 3VoteE Stupid Graphics If graphics don't make a good game, then why the hell would other companies spend so much on their graphics? Anyway even with its low quality graphics, Minecraft is still literally infamous for its lag. Also the graphics spoils my eyes due to low light.M+2 In 2009 a demo named Minecraft came out and it was all squares that were made out of pixels wait what year this game came out as a demo...2009? Say that again? 2009! WHAT IDIOT THOUGHT OF THIS!? Some lazy drunk idiot must of when with his friends and said let's make a game that looks amazing...yea and there drunk so they create the graphics of this game in 55 seconds. - spodermanfan1000M It's not like I even care about graphic capabilities or anything, but in a game where you're supposed to build whatever you desire, I would like it to look nice instead of looking like a pile of crap.M-1 The way it is blocky is okay, but the lighting is just AWFUL!Mnew V15 Comments 4VoteE Lag Pvp lag raises my blood pressure and makes me want to punch my computer.M+9 I don't really get much lag. Either it's just a few people with lots of lag, or I am one of the few people that gets very little.M+4 Especially the PC version, the game lags making the game un-enjoyable. You will have to put down the render distance which also makes the game harder to play. The only way to fix it is to get a better computer or get optifine which doesn't help out the problem that much.M+8 Lag is every games bane.Mnew V13 Comments 5VoteE StampyLongHead His voice, face, laugh, skin, and just him in general just pisses me off. I mean sure he is popular but WHY! Everything he does is sooo annoying and scripted. But his fanbase... UGH! If you ever see his skin on servers you know straight away that they are a 5-9 year old noob that will be asking you for diamonds or food. I think his popularity deserves to go to someone that actually deserves it, someone who can commentate, joke around, and play Minecraft in general properly! Anyways some of you might like him but all I have 1 thing to say to those 5-9 year olds that hate me now... "You're a scrub"M+6 This is sad. I was expecting someone like sky to show up here (who I like, but everyone hates for some reason), but STAMPY? Stampy is nice and caring, and doesn't mass-produce his videos for attention like some YouTubers. He actually cares about his fanbase, and his videos are of quality. I don't get why some people say they are scripted, when I really don't see how. Sure, the beginning of a video can be scripted, but when he plays something like Terraria, it's a bit hard to see, when so many things are going on at once... Now I am noticing a trend here: many popular YouTubers are being bashed off nitpicks of them here, and it is sad... And I can accept constructive criticism. Not this. And just putting it out there: there are a lot worse YouTubers out there. (COUGH COUGH GLIGAR13VIDS COUGH COUGH). He isn't the absolute best, but he's far from the worst. I really enjoy his videos, and love what he does with his videos. And now, the hate. Go on. Spam the dislike button as ...moreM+1 This is THE WORST YouTuber I have ever seen. 90% of his videos are scripted and HIGHLY BORING, his voice and laugh are terrible, and that his fanbase are 4 year olds who have never played Minecraft and just played pocket edition lite. Also most of his videos are on Xbox Minecraft.M+6 Yeah, and Dan too, His intro, voice, sense of humor and skin pisses me off. Both of their intros etc. Do.Mnew V41 Comments 6VoteE Bad Fanbase Seriously?! There was something like this already on the list. - NavylexiM+7 The fanbase is so bad, it had to be put here twice.M+2 Yes. Bad fanbase. Portal 2 is better than Minecraft I was searching for Portal 2 mod but Minecraft is showing up fak.M This is on the list twice :/Mnew V5 Comments 7VoteE Multiplayer Is Horrible Bad servers and bad people there are stupid idiots and hackers who have no life and once I had a base. It was in a mountain it was nice until a hacker hacked it and ruined it! I tried to kill him BUT HE WAS IN CREATIVE THEN HE killed me. after he turned it into a dump and left and he MUTED ME for no reason.M+12 Agree when I was playing in flans mod official server was happily playing until someone hacked me and made me fly I tried to say I am hacked but they believed that I was doing it myself then next thing you know banned from server reason: fly hack. I wasn't hacking myself someone was hacking me and I tried to tell you that idiots and now I'm banned for that!M+7 Multiplayer can have a real negative feedback, even if it is LAN world. Hackers are very common, making the game risky to play safe. Another reason why Minecraft is horrible is the trollers. When progressing through the game meticulously, trollers (which can also be hackers) will annoy you horribly. Some of those trollers can be server hosts... kicking random people out, for fun! Also, there can be cruel people who would rage quit at you and things can get pretty serious. I switched back to singleplayer and hadn't touch multiplayer for so long.M+5 Yes, I always seem to keep being killed! WHy?! Hackers spawn kill and it makes me want to grab through the screen to report them.Mnew V22 Comments 8VoteE Rules YouTube A whole speed run of Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time: 2 views. Minecraft toilet appliances: 9,000,000 views.M+5 I am a big Zelda fan and am looking for videos. I look at the recent uploads, and guess what? It was all Minecraft videosM+4 ... Then you click on a video and YouTube thinks you like Minecraft so they give you like 1000 Minecraft videos. - Trenchpit777M+4 All I can see in the gaming category is Minecraft.M+4 Yes, let's face it. It has took over YouTube. Just like Angry Birds until late 2011 or early 2012.Mnew V12 Comments 9VoteE Pointless Addons People say "keep playing Minecraft because there's a new update! " The problem with this is that the updates now add stuff like new stone that's really ugly, or new mobs that interact with the environment in the exact same way as any other mob, or a new dungeon which is impossible to get to because it's underwater. Updates mean the game is now packed with extra crap.M+4 Plus the updates are incredible inconsistent. the wait between 1.2.5 and 1.3 was 1 YEAR!M+7 The game keeps on getting stuffed with pointless stuff (kind of like Windows before being shipped). Enchants. They are NOT with the vibe of the game. Minecraft is definitely NOT a fantasy/RGP game. XP. Wow. "I'm level five! " and? No point. Beacons. Cheat codes. Hunger. I got into alpha version and LOVED the relaxed feeling of the game. Then along came hunger and made the first thing you do, no not punch trees, but BEAT THE FIRST PIG/COW/CHICKEN TO DEATH.M+6 The updates are getting more stupid every time. Colored clay and colored glass? Seriously? And I guess Microsoft isn't going to do any better.M+4 The Pocket Edition's update 12.1 added the Nether. Not everything is pointless.Mnew V4 Comments 10VoteE Kind Squeakers Squeakers who call people hackers if they kill themM+6 What is kind squeakers? There is only one type loud and abnoxious.M+4 Their mind: Undertale is a ripoff of Minecraft cause sans is a skeleton. Minecraft is better Nigahiga sucks because he plays other games more than Minecraft. Skydoesminecraft is better. The president sucks because he doesn't talk about Minecraft. Popularmmos is better. Tf2 sucks because you have a fat heavy. Minecraft is better. LoL sucks because the characters look so evil. Minecraft is better. There is no such thing as a kind squeaker. It's like saying that red-hot fire is cold.M+3 The squeaker that swear a lot.Mnew V3 Comments The Newcomers ?VoteE The 1.9 Update Two rocks tied to a stick don't need to recharge!M ?VoteE It's Overrated OK, so when I go on the internet, there is a TON of Minecraft content. Like seriously. We see all these stupid 4 year olds just on the internet posting their Minecraft art and complaints and stuff, that is EVERYWHERE. Like we care. If you play with people your age(I doubt you would even touch this game though), it's somewhat ok. You can build semi-decent stuff, but when you play with 4 year olds, they make trash art and try to make "houses". They also SCREAM SO LOUD IT MAKES YOU WANT TO RIP YOUR EARS OFF!M+1 The Contenders 11VoteE No Tutorial If you first play the game, you are a noob otherwise known as a loser. I don't get it. If you're a pro, that just means you play Minecraft a lot meaning you have no life. Their should be any cool types of people because this game is actually for nerds!M+12 Regardless of the fact that the game is about as easy to learn as any other sandbox game...M+6 The game has no tutorial, which makes the game all the harder to play if you are a first time player. The only way you know how to do something is to go to the Minecraft Wiki.M+4 True I had to learn from my friend but Minecraft is still BEAST I tell youM-12 Kind of annoying for new players, but there's always Wikipedia.M+8 Because of this, I REFUSED to play survival until I learned enough on how to play it and survive.Mnew V13 Comments 12VoteE SkyDoesMinecraft's Fanbase What's the big deal with Skydoesminecraft? I heard that he swears which is why I'm not watching his videos and he's overrated. I don't get why people like him so much. - RiverClanRocksM+4 He is the third most popular gamer on YouTube based on subs yet is a complete scum thatM+2 Basically all I ever watch is a person playing Minecraft like any other player.M+2 Nevermind Sky, what the hell is with Dan's fanbase?Mnew V9 Comments 13VoteE Hackers Too many Hackers... I really hate them. when I play Hypixel= Life Boat. I die out of nowhere. why? Invisible hackers. I got so frustrated I stopped playing Minecraft.M+2 God, hackers. They ruin the game for everyone. I remember one time when I played on mini game with a hacker. He dominated the game and when I tried to report him, nothing happened!M+1 Hackers can hack you, making you do impossible things in a server, causing the host to think you are hacking and ban you while the hacker laughs off.M+1 You. Yes, you there. Get this at the top.Mnew V7 Comments 14VoteE Combat The combat is not that good. You can either have a sword or a long range bow. Other than that the only thing that you can use to defend yourself is with armor. Their is blocking with your sword to reduce damage, but their is nothing to make it interesting. It gets really repetitive.M+8 In combat, you can clip through players, which just makes no sense to me. The stock Minecraft only includes melee and slow ranged attacks. The other things you can do, like block do not have much effect and take a lot from the game as there is little stratgy possible. So the next time someone comes to you and tells you that "Minecraft is educational" tell them that Minecraft does not help you learn something when playing with friends. The enchantments have some stratgy, but some enchantments are OP compared to others and make whoever who has it usaually wins. If you think that Minecraft sucks and this post sucks 'cause I'm rambling, you don't need to say it. I KNOWM+5 Combat is totally terrible in this game. There are very few things you can do to battle: either mash your mouse to attack with sword, or release mouse button at right time to shoot stuff with bow. Yea that's it. There's nothing else to combat than this. At all.M+2 All I can say is flan's mod is great for better combat. Firearms, Automobiles, & Aircraft are added to the game if you simply install forge (5 minutes for me, I counted), drag flans mod into the "mods" folder, and gets some content packs. That's really all to it.Mnew V14 Comments 15VoteE Kids Play It According to my experiments, kids will think they can do this and that, but in reality, they are only hurting themselves. Another thing is that kids play the game so much, they become addicted, and they will play Minecraft where ever they go, even churches. Now according to my research, many kids have hurt their eyes due to playing Minecraft so long. And one more thing. Kids will watch YouTube a whole lot, just because it's Minecraft. When watching and playing in multiplayer, they will progress on swearing and cursing. In my conclusion, Minecraft hurts a child's life.M+3 Kids can play better games and Minecraft is addicting so it interferes with a kid's life: You wanna go to Harvard No I want to go to Minecraft college You wanna read scripture No I wanna read Minecraft books You wanna read a good novel/comic/manga No I wanna play Minecraft You wanna watch a movie/anime No I wanna watch SkyDoesMinecraft You wanna play a better video game No Minecraft is the best video gameM+9 If your child or sibling thinks this is the best game of all time like 98% of the population (of children), here are 6 steps to get your kid to be more intelligent, less annoying and bratty, have more fun, have a better childhood: 1. Delete or burn everything he has that has anything to do with Minecraft. 2. Wait until he stops crying and screaming at you for deleting the "best game ever" (not). 3. BE CAREFUL NOT TO give him any money so he can re-buy Minecraft until step 6. 4. Brainwash him to stop liking such a terrible game. 5. Give him either a SNES or a GameCube with good games, or anything, whatever your child(ren) or sibling(s) might like. 6. After a week or so, buy him Minecraft again to show him how much it sucks TEERRRIbly. I hope you thank me later.M-4 It's boring, because it's for kids! -Honest TrailersMnew V22 Comments 16VoteE TheBajanCanadian Fanboys I used to be one until he turned PG. Then I realized that all Minecraft YouTubers suck. Another reason is that he does it just for the money. Then I realized that he's not even good at sg! Because fanboys think its an honor to be killed by him! Then I thought to myself: Minecraft sucks. Because I only was a fan because of the YouTubers! So yeah he sucks. Him and chimneyswift11 were the main reasons I started to dislike Minecraft.M+8 He�'s the worse of all, a good example what lesser education does to your brainM+5 He has horrible grammer, what a retardM-1 Shut the hell up you stupid idiots saying he's the worst when like 50% of you don't even know himMnew V7 Comments 17VoteE New Updates The updates that Jeb is adding in is making the game more confusing and adding in too much stuff to focus on. At least the only upside is that they now added a way to go back to the beta/alpha days when Minecraft was good.M+3 The updates ruined the game. They should of stopped at level 50 enchants and found a way to stop people with hacks.M They are tying to make it into a rpg.M+3 Yea, and they didn't manage yet to choose it's path... It's still a senseless game with no shape nor 'things to explore' or battles/mobs enough.M+4 How are updates a bad thing?Mnew V8 Comments 18VoteE The Diamond Minecart I hate Dan cause he gets 10 year old to bow down to him and watch his suffering videos that aren't entertaining once or ever - spodermanfan1000M+4 I actually like him, but his fan base is honestly annoyingM+3 Lol notch is getting more money. He sold the game idiot.M+1 If you think the diamond mine cart sucks you suck!Mnew You must be a 6-year old! Nice! Now go play with your Tube-Heroes action figures! Bye-bye! - SomeRandomStickboyM V9 Comments 19VoteE Sky Does Minecraft THE reason why I hate sky is that he's an idiot and he is NOT funny at all and he is retarded. also Really bad and I really hate how all of the 9 8 or 7 year olds love sky and He is just SO annoying! His voice is annoying too.. And SKY SHOULD NOT HAVE COPIED HIM AND I it was skys fault since sea nanners created the budderr joke and REALLY SKY COPY HIM you shouldn't START IT! Plus he just hates squid for kicking him and this is worse! "Once I had a base. It was in a mountain it was nice until a hacker hacked it and ruined it! I tried to kill him BUT HE WAS IN CREATIVE THEN HE killed me. after he turned it into a dump and left and he MUTED ME for no reason." yea I think you get it so sky is just a cry baby for geting kicked OH REALLY sky look at the guy who said that about the hacker that is 100 times worse than being kicked so sky is the WORST PERSON IN HISTORY! Please add this and aprrove it the creator of this list because I am trying to say that SKY is like a ...moreM+6 I am not a fanboy I don't even care about him but is your caps broken? Because you caps like 10 year old (no offense but you do) - AguythatpeopleignoresM+2 The only reason I hate Minecraft is because of this guyM+4 Makes Jesse from Psycho Dad look like a fine grown man with a decent jobM+1 I'm 9 AND I HATE SKY by the way I'm top spellerMnew V7 Comments 20VoteE Graphics Suck Minecraft, you can't judge a game by it's graphics. But for me, Minecraft is terrible the way it is now.M+12 We went from morons who were like, (imitates stupid fool voice)"Nintendo sucks! Their graphics are terrible." Then say Minecraft is the greatest thing known to humanity when it is one of the worst games of all time.M I'm kinda surprised that this is not higher on the list, because really, the graphics look like they are from last century. Oh wait, they are. In my opinion even half-life 1 has better graphics, although it was released more than a decade before Minecraft. If the pixelation is the game's style, or if that is supposed to add to the atmosphere of the game, they failed at it. I mean really, there are a lot of games which are pixelated because of the style of the game, like Risk of rain, Magicite, even Terraria for god's sake, and trust me, I could continue this list on and on.M+4 Yes, they sure do. But Minecraft fans don't see that and they say Mario games have awful graphics. How hypocritical
